[iOS] Integrate the modules core with the new JSI package (#44337)
expo/expo: packages/expo-modules-core/CHANGELOG.md

### 💡 Others

> - [iOS] Rewrote the core type system, function/class/shared-object/array-buffer definitions, `AppContext`, and worklets integration on top of the new `ExpoModulesJSI` package. Migrated all iOS unit tests to Swift Testing. ([#44337](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/44337) by [@tsapeta](https://github.com/tsapeta))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [iOS] Rewrote the core type system, `Function`/`Class`/`SharedObject`/`ArrayBuffer` definitions, `AppContext`, and worklets integration on top of the new `ExpoModulesJSI` package. Migrated all iOS unit tests to Swift Testing. ([#44337](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/44337) by [@tsapeta](https://github.com/tsapeta))
```
